<!--
3
kousikk
08 May 
2014
CEG, Anna University, college life
-->

So... My official course time at college is over. It was a very different four years. There is no single word that can describe my experience at CEG. About a month back, I was telling Kashyap how I feel absolutely nothing saddening, that my college was going to end. But today, I feel completely different. Its as if, I am leaving something beautiful, something extraordinary, something that I owe my every learning to. And yes, this post is all about my every experience at CEG. I hope to save some of the memories of my college life in this post.

CEG is a place unlike any other. Before I joined there were a few rumors about ragging, but I experienced absolutely nothing. Infact, the seniors were always afraid to talk to first semester students. The first interaction I had with a senior was in my second semester, for some Kurukshetra work.

Counseling
-----------

It was the day of my Counseling. I was with my parents. A couple of other friends were there as well. The previous day, I was talking to Vardhani asking her which college I should choose. She said, "You have good marks and Anna Univ is the best. So take it, don't go to PSG" and that was it. I knew I would get Information Technology at CEG for the cut off mark I had(198.5) and made up mind to choose it the next day. On the day of the Counseling I met Ramya and Lavanya, the twins from my class XII. Lavanya had apparently got Aeronautical Engineering, my dream course. I just consoled myself that IT was what I was meant to study. Saravana Prakash also had counseling on the same day as mine, and he had taken EEE at CEG. So I went with dad into the Counseling hall, The choice was between IT at PSG and IT at CEG. Even CSE at PSG wasn't available. Dad wasn't pressurizing me to pick PSG, though I could clearly see that was his preferred choice. But I just said IT CEG to the assistant. She asked me if I was sure. I looked at my Dad, he had a faint smile and I said yes to the assistant. And she confirmed my choice. I was going to pursue IT at CEG for the next four years. I had zero expectations coming into this college. I didn't want to get a high paying job, didn't want to become a department topper, didn't want to become famous in college, didn't want to hang out with friends, didn't want to roam around with girls. I was just blank and had only one thing in mind, "I have chosen the course I wanted in the college Vardhani wanted. So everything should be fine".


First Year
-----------
Fast forward a month, and I was sitting outside Vivekananda Auditorium in CEG, with dad and mom, to pay my semester fee. Again, Ramya and Lavanya were there, apparently Ramya too had chosen IT and that was why she was there. So I went in, paid my fee and it seemed they were also issuing temporary ID cards. Some guy, went in and came out jumping, showing off to every parent and kid there that he was a CEGian. I really wish I had remembered his face, for I wanted to ask him what was so special about an ID card that every one was getting. Blatant showing off, I thought.

I was staying in Chennai in my Uncle's home and that evening there was a fight between Mom and Dad, which ultimately resulted in me joining the hostel that night itself rather than the following morning. My uncle was gracious enough to drop me in the hostel. I entered my room, and saw a guy sitting in the corner of the room alone. His place was neatly organized, bed was clean and he looked a little old. I thought he was that sort of a guy, who keeps to himself, does things perfectly, partly selfish but helpful at needy times. I wasn't sure if I would like him or not(I will reveal his name shortly). But I didn't complain. After a few awkward smiles, I left to say goodbye to mom and dad. I wasn't feeling lonely really. I was partly happy that I wasn't with mom dad, for I was now free of their everyday fights. But I was also afraid that I would get ragged that night. I came back to my room after mom and dad had left. The other guy I mentioned was there, promptly doing something when a third guy entered. He looked like the rowdy gang, someone who derives pleasure in seeing other suffer. I don't remember the exact details, but I am sure he tried to rag us. I wasn't afraid, for, I had my finger on the call button to the Anti-ragging cell phone number my dad had given me earlier that day. All it took was one touch and this thing would end. The other guy(my room mate) in the corner of the room panicked though. I told myself that, if the third guy didn't end it now, I would call the anti-ragging cell. But fortunately for him, he stopped and told us that he too was a fresh man there and just wanted to tease us. Ah our stupidity! The ragging guy left, and I turned to my slightly panicked room mate. He had told his name earlier but I forgot, so asked his name again, "Vinesh" it was.

The next day, our roll numbers were stuck on the notice board infront of Vivekananda Auditorium. I was with N Siva Kumar(fondly known as NS), my (supposed)school topper. He is one of the nicest guys I've met, but I've always had this thing in me. I had scored more marks in gross total than him in Higher Secondary, but still he was hailed as school topper, because, my second language was Sanskrit. I knew this would happen ultimately, but digesting it was difficult. I didn't give much attention to it though, after all NS was such a good friend and a good guy at heart. Had it been someone else at his place, I would've atleast remarked about it someday. There was also an orientation session that was held in the Vivekananda Auditorium. I remember only two lines from the orientation. Dean Sekar said, "If its G for H, then its Guindy for Happiness". And there was a huge uproar. And my reaction? "This college must be cool" :D We were split into batches of 90 students and each batch consisted of students from all departments. This was supposed to help us foster friendships with inter-department students. Our class advisor - Dr. Loganathan took us around the campus, and showed us what building was where. I hardly remembered anything, for I was talking to this NRI guy, Guruprasad Ramprakash, all along the way.

Classes gradually started and the English classes started opening up people. They were supposed to be the ice-breakers. I had to make new friends in my class, for all my school mates were in different hostels and different batches. And it always happened that I have to go visit them and not the other way around. I just felt, maybe, MAYBE, they weren't THAT FRIENDLY with me. I visited their hostels during the first semester, but then when I found out that I wasn't that well received, I started stay aloof. Not much of hard feelings there, just that things would've been different(and possibly boring) had they stayed with me as friends. So my new friends at class were, Sudarshan Ravishankar(ECE), Yogesh Thangam(CSE) and Shiva(CSE). There were my bench mates as well. I was also impressed by Sibi Adithya Senthil Kumar, BVB guy from Erode. He too became a friend, a rather nice one at that! 

Naganand - oh my. This guy was my first semester batch mate as well and a very very good friend and a nice person. I have to write about how I first met him. It was the Chemistry lab, and I completed my experiment quicky. Harika Kandala(who would go on to study the next four years with me in my Information Technology batch), an NRI, asked me something. She apparently wasn't getting the proper color we were supposed to get. I helped her out, and Naganand came around and said, "Enna machi NRI figure ah? :P". There was no hatred in him and it was plain fun. And in the next Chemistry lab, he was talking to Divya Kannan, his next roll number, and I went and said, "Enna machi kadalaya? :P". Divya took it lightly and she too became an acquaintance after that. That was how I met Naganand. The fun we had during our class hours teasing Divya and the other vetti scene girls, Danisha, Attishta etc. We eventually became excellent friends.

While this was all happening at college, something awesome was happening at my room too. I had become good friends with Vignes, Jai Kiran and Gopi, my other room mates. Sathyan, who was supposed to be in my room, never showed up. Engineering Drawing was what I would do all day in my room. And teasing Jai Kiran with little dragon flies. I really don't remember how I became a close pal to my three room mates, but Gopi's, "Enna matteru" was one defining thiing. From then on, I always called him Matter Gopi. All that we had in our room was pure fun. Some nights Vicky and I would talk on and on about our school and college life. And Gopi was always this guy, who studied before the exam night. It was a good rapport really. None of us had any sort of vengeance at each other. None was were worried about marks(I was afraid of an arrear though :P). We didn't care who scored higher and who scored lower marks. And that's always what I liked most about this gang, innocence at heart. They are good people, infact the nicest people you can ever see. We went on to form a gang of <del>eight</del> six, that I would consider as my biggest achievement in college(finding an awesome gang). There was one mean bone, who was eventually sorted out.

And I went on to get a 9.56 in my first semester, much much higher that what I had anticipated. Fights with Vicky in end of first or beginning second semester(yes in second sem itself), meant that I spent most of my time in Naganand's room. It was during that time that I told him about Vardhani, how I liked her, how she inspires me and how whatever I am is because of her. He was the one who advised me to tell her about it and get on with it. After a few failed trials, I told her that I love her, before the day of my Chemistry exam. I was afraid how she would take it and didn't prepare properly at all for the exam. That was why I was afraid I would get an arrear. But then in order to calm her, I just told her that I would be friends again(lol lies I know). She was innocent enough to accept it! And then in my second semester, she accepted my proposal. Holy cow! The girl of my dreams accepting my proposal. I told Vicky and Jai about it and none of them believed me. After a week of telling them the same thing, they believed it. But I admit, it was highly humorous. The guy who sits with EG kit all day, has a girl friend? LOL. Even I feel humorous right now.

It was during second semester that I also met Vidhoon, a good senior(then fourth year). I worked for him under the tech team of Kurukshetra, the annual technical symposiym of CEG(before that I swept floors for CTF - no seriously I did!). Domestic reasons meant that I wouldn't be there for K!. But nevertheless, I had done my part. It was also during that time, that I wanted to do designing. Bhuvanesh and Siddharthan and the designs they made simply inspired me. So me and Vicky took up Photoshop classes that were conducted by Siddharthan at RCC. They were good, they taught me the little Photoshop I know today. Second semester also meant that we were sorted out again, into departmental batches. And fight between me and Vicky eventually led to Vicky sitting with Prem Kumar, the mean bone of our gang. The guy eventually became an acquaintance, mainly because of his honey like(and venomous) attitude and language. New staffs, Abirami(the class advisor) took classes, but overall I remember just one incident from my second semester. The programming competition - and Radhakrishnan's teasing smile.

More of all this in part II of the post.
